docs: Add information about datasource plugin (#4266)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: README.md

and [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html),
which can be used as faster and less resource-hungry alternative to Prometheus.

> ## Setup VictoriaMetrics datasource plugin for Grafana

Reviewer: It is a bad idea to change title because it forms a link. It makes old links incompatible. We shouldn't do this.

> VictoriaMetrics [datasource plugin](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource) enables you to query, 

Reviewer: It is enough just to mention that VictoriaMetrics exists and put the link. All the instructions should be a part of plugin repository, not VictoriaMetrics repo.

Substitute `<victoriametrics-addr>` with the hostname or IP address of VictoriaMetrics.

Then build graphs and dashboards for the created datasource using [PromQL](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/) 
or [MetricsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html).

> VictoriaMetrics [datasource plugin](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource) enables you to query, 
> visualize and explore your metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, use VictoriaMetrics [datasource plugin](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource) with support of extra features. See more in [description](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource#victoriametrics-data-source-for-grafana).
```
